# MDX Registry

The MDX Registry is an index of all of the available Markdown files you can work with.

Calling `runtime.mdxDocs.discover()` will scan your current project's source folders and look for these files for you.

Registries in skypager are useful for partially loading modules based on some reference (e.g. a path to a file).  This lets you
query for modules based on whatever minimal information you need, and load the full module into memory and perform any expensive 
calculations only when you need it.

When working with a large collection of markdown documents, this can come in handy.

## Factory Function

The MDX Registry exists to provide an aggregate view of all of the available mdx documents in a project.

When you want to work with an individual document instance, the `runtime.mdxDoc` factory function will look up the document attributes in the registry,
and then create an instance of the `Mdx` helper using those attributes.

## API

### register()

Registers an MDX document instance with the registry.

### discover()

Scans the project file system to find `.md` or `.mdx` files.

### allInstances()

Returns an array of MDX instances in the registry. 

### allMembers()

Returns an object, keyed by the document ID, whose values are the raw javascript objects that power the Mdx document instance.  These raw
javascript objects are the `providers` for a given MDX document.  A `provider` will contain the `ast`, `headingsMap`, `meta` and `default` objects 
generated by the `@skypager/helpers-mdx` MDX parser or webpack loader.